feat(community.beszel.hub): add variable to configure server host binding (#37)
ansible-collections/community.beszel: roles/hub/README.md

Version of the Beszel hub to install. Can be a specific version from GitHub (e.g., `v0.9.1`).

```yaml

> hub_host: 0.0.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hub_bind_address: 0.0.0.0
```

```

> Host for the Beszel hub to listen on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bind address for the Beszel hub to listen on.
```
